# ABHICHADAR
FRONTEND PROJECT

# `FLASHCARD GENERATOR`

## `Project Description`

This project assignment from Almabetter serves as a front-end capstone task.
It involves developing a flashcard generator application that facilitates the creation of multiple flashcards within a group.
This application offers features such as `card creation`, `the addition of both text and images`, `sharing`, `downloading`, `deletion`, and even the option to print the generated flashcards.
The user interface of this app is designed to be fully responsive, ensuring a seamless experience across various devices.

This Project Consists of 3 main pages:

1. ### `Create New Page`

   Here, a new card group is generated by completing all the necessary information and selecting the "create" option.

2. ### `MyFlashCard Page`

   In this section, you can view all the card groups that have been created.
   Each group is presented with a group heading, an associated group icon image, a description of the card group,
   the total count of cards within the group, and a button for accessing the cards on the subsequent page.

3. ### `FlashCardDetails Page`
   In this section, you have the ability to review the created flashcards.
   Navigation between different flashcards is facilitated by clicking on the sidebar terms assigned to the cards during group creation.
   Additionally, options for sharing, printing, and downloading the flashcards are available.

### `TECHNOLOGIES USED`

This project was constructed utilizing a variety of frontend technologies, including the `React` `JavaScript` library for the core structure, `Tailwind CSS` to craft a responsive user interface, `Redux` for efficient state management, `React-icons`, `Formik`, `React-Router-Dom`,`jspdf`,`yup` and `react-testing-library/jest` for testing purposes.

### `Deploy Link`

https://abhishekchadar98.netlify.app
 


### `PROJECT CLONING AND RUNNING`

Clone the project

```bash
  git clone (https://github.com/Abhishek20698/ABHICHADAR.git)
```

Go to the project directory

```bash
  cd flashcardgenerator
```

Install dependencies for your project

```bash
  npm install
```

Run Your Project

```bash
  npm run start
```

## Feedback

If you have any feedback, please reach out to us at abhishekchadar1998@gmail.com

